A header-only C++ utility class library.

==Install==
=== Homebrew (recommended) ===
If you are using Homebrew package control system on Mac,
you can easily install CxxUtilities via tap yuasatakayuki/hxisgd.
Execute the following:
<pre>
brew tap yuasatakayuki/hxisgd
brew install cxxutilities
</pre>
In this case, the library will be installed to /usr/local/include/CxxUtilities (default location of Homebrew).

===Manual install using cmake===
CxxUtilities can be installed using cmake.
Execute the following:
<pre>
download CxxUtilities zip archive from github
cd CxxUtilities
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr/local/include
make install
</pre>

This will install the library to /usr/local/include/CxxUtilities.
If you would like to install other locations, modify CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX value.


==Usage==
Include the top-level header file in your source.
<pre>
   #include "CxxUtilities/File.hh"
</pre>
Since CxxUtilities requires C++11 compiler, set compiler options properly.

'''clang++'''
<pre>
clang++ -std=c++11 -stdlib=libc++ yourApplication.cc -o yourApplication
</pre>

'''gcc'''
<pre>
g++ -std=c++11 yourApplication.cc -o yourApplication
</pre>

If you installed CxxUtilities to non-default include path, you need to put an additional include path option like "-I/home/username/include".
   
== Related information ==
CxxUtilities is used by SpaceWire RMAP Library, adcboxgui, Software SMU Simulator, and other projects.

== Contact ==
*Takayuki Yuasa
** takayuki.yuasa@riken.jp